Update docs. (#3849)
infiniflow/ragflow: README.md

## 🔥 Latest Updates

> - 2024-12-04 Supports pagerank score to knowledge base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2024-12-04 Adds support for pagerank score in knowledge base.
```
